ref: code blocks around `remote modify` `sse`, etc. (#3533)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/remote/modify.md

  $ dvc remote modify myremote listobjects true
  ```

> - `sse` - server-side encryption algorithm to use: `AES256` or `aws:kms`. By
>   default, no encryption is used.

Author: ```suggestion
- `sse` - server-side encryption algorithm to use: `AES256` or `aws:kms`
  (the latter requires setting `sse_kms_key_id` as well). By default, no
  encryption is used.
```

>   default, no encryption is used.

Author: What other options are there?

Does `AES256` require any other params to be set?

@dberenbaum @efiop thanks

Reviewer: > What other options are there?

Those are the only valid values (see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/s3/cp.html).

> Does `AES256` require any other params to be set?

No, AWS automatically manages the keys in that case.

> - `sse` - server-side encryption algorithm to use (e.g. `AES256`, `aws:kms`). By
>   default, no encryption is used.

Author: ```suggestion
- `sse` - server-side encryption algorithm to use: `AES256` or `aws:kms`. By
  default, no encryption is used.
```

  $ dvc remote modify myremote listobjects true
  ```

- `sse` - server-side encryption algorithm to use: `AES256` or `aws:kms` (the

>   latter requires setting `sse_kms_key_id` as well). By default, no encryption

Reviewer: Hm, I guess the docs have long said that `sse_kms_key_id` is required when using SSE-KMS, but I don't think that's true. AWS will automatically manage the keys for you if you don't provide one. See https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/s3-object-encryption-keys/.

> - `sse` - server-side encryption algorithm to use: `AES256` or `aws:kms` (the
>   latter requires setting `sse_kms_key_id` as well). By default, no encryption
>   is used.

Author: ```suggestion
- `sse` - server-side encryption algorithm to use: `AES256` or `aws:kms`.
  By default, no encryption is used.
```

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote sse AES256
  ```

- `sse_kms_key_id` - identifier of the key to encrypt data uploaded when using

>   [SSE-KMS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingKMSEncryption.html).
>   Required when `sse` is set to `aws:kms`. This parameter will be passed
>   directly to AWS S3, so DVC supports any value that S3 supports, including both
>   key IDs and aliases.

Author: ```suggestion
  [SSE-KMS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingKMSEncryption.html)
  (see `sse`). This parameter will be passed
  directly to AWS S3, so DVC supports any value that S3 supports, including both
  key IDs and aliases.
```

  $ dvc remote modify myremote listobjects true
  ```

> - `sse` - server-side encryption algorithm to use (e.g. `AES256`, `aws:kms`).
>   By default, no encryption is used.

Author: ```suggestion
- `sse` - server-side encryption algorithm to use (e.g. `AES256`, `aws:kms`,
  `SSE-C`). By default, no encryption is used.
```

>   `SSE-C`). By default, no encryption is used.

Author: Not sure that's the right value. Asked in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/3498#pullrequestreview-966849021 ⌛

> - `sse` - server-side encryption algorithm to use (e.g. `AES256`, `aws:kms`,
>   `SSE-C`). By default, no encryption is used.

Author: ```suggestion
- `sse` - server-side encryption algorithm to use (e.g. `AES256`, `aws:kms`).
  By default, no encryption is used.
```
